# AMAZON
bam-rom_jem-userdebug jellybean
bam-rom_jemlte-userdebug jellybean
bam-rom_otter-userdebug jellybean
bam-rom_otter2-userdebug jellybean
bam-rom_tate-userdebug jellybean
# ASUS
bam-rom_flo-userdebug jellybean
bam-rom_grouper-userdebug jellybean
bam-rom_tf101-userdebug jellybean
bam-rom_tf201-userdebug jellybean
bam-rom_tf300t-userdebug jellybean
bam-rom_tf700t-userdebug jellybean
bam-rom_tilapia-userdebug jellybean
# BARNES & NOBLE
bam-rom_acclaim-userdebug jellybean
bam-rom_encore-userdebug jellybean
bam-rom_hummingbird-userdebug jellybean
# HTC
bam-rom_ace-userdebug jellybean
bam-rom_doubleshot-userdebug jellybean
bam-rom_dlx-userdebug jellybean
bam-rom_evita-userdebug jellybean
bam-rom_endeavoru-userdebug jellybean
bam-rom_enrc2b-userdebug jellybean
bam-rom_fireball-userdebug jellybean
bam-rom_jewel-userdebug jellybean
bam-rom_m7-userdebug jellybean
bam-rom_m7att-userdebug jellybean
bam-rom_m7spr-userdebug jellybean
bam-rom_m7tmo-userdebug jellybean
bam-rom_m7ul-userdebug jellybean
bam-rom_pyramid-userdebug jellybean
bam-rom_ruby-userdebug jellybean
bam-rom_shooter-userdebug jellybean
bam-rom_shooteru-userdebug jellybean
bam-rom_shootervm-userdebug jellybean
bam-rom_ville-userdebug jellybean
# LGE
bam-rom_e975-userdebug jellybean
bam-rom_e980-userdebug jellybean
bam-rom_ls970-userdebug jellybean
bam-rom_mako-userdebug jellybean
bam-rom_p760-userdebug jellybean
bam-rom_p920-userdebug jellybean
bam-rom_p930-userdebug jellybean
bam-rom_p970-userdebug jellybean
bam-rom_p990-userdebug jellybean
bam-rom_su640-userdebug jellybean
# MOTOROLA
bam-rom_edison-userdebug jellybean
bam-rom_everest-userdebug jellybean
bam-rom_maserati-userdebug jellybean
bam-rom_mb886-userdebug jellybean
bam-rom_scorpionmini-userdebug jellybean
bam-rom_solana-userdebug jellybean
bam-rom_spyder-userdebug jellybean
bam-rom_targa-userdebug jellybean
bam-rom_umts_spyder-userdebug jellybean
bam-rom_vanquish-userdebug jellybean
bam-rom_vanquishgsm-userdebug jellybean
bam-rom_wingray-userdebug jellybean
bam-rom_xt897-userdebug jellybean
bam-rom_xt897c-userdebug jellybean
bam-rom_xt907-userdebug jellybean
bam-rom_xt925-userdebug jellybean
bam-rom_xt926-userdebug jellybean
# OPPO
bam-rom_find5-userdebug jellybean
# SAMSUNG
bam-rom_apexqtmo-userdebug jellybean
bam-rom_crespo-userdebug jellybean
bam-rom_crespo4g-userdebug jellybean
bam-rom_d2att-userdebug jellybean
bam-rom_d2cri-userdebug jellybean
bam-rom_d2mtr-userdebug jellybean
bam-rom_d2spr-userdebug jellybean
bam-rom_d2tmo-userdebug jellybean
bam-rom_d2usc-userdebug jellybean
bam-rom_d2vzw-userdebug jellybean
bam-rom_d710-userdebug jellybean
bam-rom_epicmtd-userdebug jellybean
bam-rom_exhilarate-userdebug jellybean
bam-rom_fascinatemtd-userdebug jellybean
bam-rom_galaxysmtd-userdebug jellybean
bam-rom_galaxysmtdb-userdebug jellybean
bam-rom_galaxysl-userdebug jellybean
bam-rom_hercules-userdebug jellybean
bam-rom_i605-userdebug jellybean
bam-rom_i925-userdebug jellybean
bam-rom_i777-userdebug jellybean
bam-rom_i9100-userdebug jellybean
bam-rom_i9100g-userdebug jellybean
bam-rom_i9103-userdebug jellybean
bam-rom_i9105-userdebug jellybean
bam-rom_i9105P-userdebug jellybean
bam-rom_i9300-userdebug jellybean
bam-rom_i9305-userdebug jellybean
bam-rom_i9500-userdebug jellybean
bam-rom_jactive-userdebug jellybean
bam-rom_jflteatt-userdebug jellybean
bam-rom_jfltecan-userdebug jellybean
bam-rom_jfltecri-userdebug jellybean
bam-rom_jfltecsp-userdebug jellybean
bam-rom_jfltespr-userdebug jellybean
bam-rom_jfltetmo-userdebug jellybean
bam-rom_jflteusc-userdebug jellybean
bam-rom_jfltevzw-userdebug jellybean
bam-rom_jfltexx-userdebug jellybean
bam-rom_jgedlte-userdebug jellybean
bam-rom_l900-userdebug jellybean
bam-rom_maguro-userdebug jellybean
bam-rom_manta-userdebug jellybean
bam-rom_mesmerizemtd-userdebug jellybean
bam-rom_n7000-userdebug jellybean
bam-rom_n7100-userdebug jellybean
bam-rom_n8000-userdebug jellybean
bam-rom_n8013-userdebug jellybean
bam-rom_p3100-userdebug jellybean
bam-rom_p3110-userdebug jellybean
bam-rom_p4-userdebug jellybean
bam-rom_p4wifi-userdebug jellybean
bam-rom_p5100-userdebug jellybean
bam-rom_p5110-userdebug jellybean
bam-rom_p5113-userdebug jellybean
bam-rom_quincyatt-userdebug jellybean
bam-rom_r950-userdebug jellybean
bam-rom_skyrocket-userdebug jellybean
bam-rom_t0lte-userdebug jellybean
bam-rom_t0lteatt-userdebug jellybean
bam-rom_t0ltecdma-userdebug jellybean
bam-rom_t0ltetmo-userdebug jellybean
bam-rom_toro-userdebug jellybean
bam-rom_toroplus-userdebug jellybean
bam-rom_vibrantmtd-userdebug jellybean
# SONY
bam-rom_kumquat-userdebug jellybean
bam-rom_mint-userdebug jellybean
bam-rom_odin-userdebug jellybean
bam-rom_pollux-userdebug jellybean
bam-rom_pollux_windy-userdebug jellybean
bam-rom_tsubasa-userdebug jellybean
bam-rom_yuga-userdebug jellybean
